- [Nana Komatsu] That night,
Nana took Misato by the hand
and led her out of the
room without saying a word.
She didn't return until the
morning.
(upbeat rock music)
(keys clacking)
(lighter flickers)
(Yasu exhales)
(dinging)
(Yasu sighs)
(footsteps)
- Hello?
- [Nana Osaki] Here I am.
- Huh?
(door opens)
What are you doing here
so early in the morning?
- Well, I didn't wake you,
you're already dressed.
You getting ready to go to work?
- Hardly, after I came
home from the office
I kept working on some stuff I
had to do.
- You worked through the night?
Don't you know, it was a long
weekend?
I guess working in a law firm
can keep you really busy, huh?
Honestly, when do you sleep?
- I was about to grab a few
hours
before heading back to the
office again.
- [Nana Osaki] Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm coming in.
(Nana Osaki sighs)
(footsteps)
- So are you gonna tell
me why you're here?
- Me and Misato were
kicking it up a little
in her hotel room,
but a single bed is just too
small
for two people to sleep in.
- What?
That girl is still in town.
What about school?
- She goes to an all girls
school
and she has no friends there,
so she doesn't wanna go back.
(Yasu laughs)
- But won't her parents
be worried about her?
She looks like one of
those spoiled rich kids.
- Actually, I don't think her
parents care what she does.
The things she says
remind me a lot of Shin.
I bet she's gonna run
away from home someday.
- Ah, just like Shin.
Sometimes I wonder if he's a
lost cause,
I hope he's not shooting up or
anything,
'cause he's been looking
kind of harsh lately.
- Speaking of looking harsh,
there's something I've
been meaning to tell you,
when you're not wearing your
shades you look even more evil.
(Yasu sighs)
- Why don't you shut up?
(Nana Osaki laughs)
- I don't know what you're
trying to hide
but you certainly don't
look like a lawyer to me.
- Nana, if you're gonna
sleep, go sleep at your place.
- Come sleep with me.
- What?
Don't mess with me.
- Then I'm outta here.
(footsteps)
(Yasu sighs)
- Hold on.
Wasn't there something you
wanted to talk to me about?
What's up?
- Excuse me for coming
over just to see you.
Have a good night.
(door slams)
(Yasu sighs)
(Yasu exhales)
(footsteps)
(Yasu gasps)
(gentle music)
- Nana!
(gentle music continues)
- I gotta go back to work today.
So I should try to get
some rest.
I couldn't sleep at all
last night.
(door opens)
(Nana Komatsu gasps)
- Nana?
(Nana Osaki grunts)
(footsteps)
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to yell at you
like that.
I was tired and confused
and in a bad mood
and I shouldn't have taken
it out on you.
I just want you to
know that I'm really sorry.
Are you mad at me?
- Not really.
I was being selfish and
inconsiderate, just like you
said
- Then why did you end
up staying out all night?
I was so worried about you.
(Nana Osaki sighs)
You don't have a cell and
I didn't know what to do,
I felt so bad I
couldn't even sleep.
- I'm not your boyfriend, Nana.
- No, you're way more
important than that!
What happened to Misato?
Did she go back home?
- Nah, she's sleeping at
a hotel.
She's gonna take the train
home
after she checks out at noon.
- What should I do?
- About what?
- After what I said, Misato
must think I'm a total jerk.
I mean, she didn't
do anything wrong.
She was having so much fun
and I ruined everything.
I need to apologize to her.
You don't know if Misato
has a cell phone, do you?
- Yeah, she has one.
- Can you give me her number?
I wanna call her.
- Okay, but she's
probably still sleeping
so I wouldn't try calling her
till later.
- Right!
- Just a minute, I'll get it.
(zipper opening)
(rummaging)
I'm sure it's in here somewhere.
- Hey Nana, when will you
be getting home tonight?
- Stop hanging on me!
- I thought maybe we
could go out for dinner.
- Whatever, but I won't be home
till nine.
- In that case, I'll make
you a special apology dinner.
- Here you go.
- Thanks.
(door opens)
I'm off to work, bye!
(door closes)
(footsteps)
(phone ringing in the
background)
What should we have for dinner?
Oh, maybe I can make
those burgers tonight.
I wonder what she
cooked for Shoji.
- Miss Komatsu,
what are you doing?
(Nana Komatsu gasps)
Personal use of the internet
is not allowed at work.
- But this is work, Ms.
Sakagami!
I was doing research for the
next issue.
I was thinking what if we
included a recipe section?
- A recipe section?
Our demographic
isn't just women.
- What, you don't think
guys wanna know how to cook?
- Don't talk back to me.
You're far too young to
have your own column,
and besides we're not
paying you to have ideas,
you're here to do
what we tell you.
- Screw you!
Treating me like they're
servant.
Well, I guess I am, but still.
(footsteps)
- Where do you think you're
going now?
- Out to lunch.
(door slams)
(Ms. Sakagami growls)
I gotta quit that place.
But I need to find something
else first.
If I quit without having
another job,
Nana's gonna throw me out
and we only just made up.
(Nana Komatsu gasps)
I almost forgot.
I better call Misato.
(upbeat electronic music)
(Misato gasps)
- Hello.
- [Nana Komatsu] Hi, is this
Misato?
This is Nana Komatsu.
(Misato gasps)
- Nana, how are you?
I'm sorry if I was in the way,
I really didn't wanna
cause any trouble.
- [Nana Komatsu] No, no, it was
my fault.
- Huh?
- I called to apologize for last
night.
I'm really sorry.
I was in a bad mood yesterday
and I took it out on you.
You're welcome to come
and visit us anytime.
I know Nana and the guys
would love to see you.
We'll be sure to let you know
when the band's got
another gig booked, okay?
- That'd be great.
Thank you so much, Nana.
(gentle music)
- [Nana Komatsu] Hey,
Misato, where are you now?
- Right now I'm on the train
going home.
- [Nana Komatsu] I see.
Sorry, I didn't say goodbye.
- Oh, don't worry about it.
You're calling now, aren't you?
I had the best time ever
getting to hang out with Blast
and spending all that
time with Nana
talking about all
kinds of things.
I feel like I've been
in a dream.
(Nana Komatsu laughs)
- [Nana Komatsu] You're so
funny.
- No, really I'm serious.
I've been a huge fan ever
since the band started out
but nothing like this
has ever happened before.
I mean, I got to hang
out with them!
- You really are a fan.
So how long has it been
since they first started out?
- [Misato] Well, it was back
when Ren was in the band
and that was like
four years ago.
(Nana Komatsu gasps)
- Ren was in the band?
No, it couldn't be that Ren.
- Yeah, it was a big
deal when Ren left Blast.
But don't you think
that new guy, Shin,
plays a lot like him?
So this show was just like
watching the old Blast again.
It was totally amazing!
(eerie music)
- Tell me who your
favorite bass player is?
- Ren Honjou.
- [Misato] Yeah, and guess what?
Soon I'm gonna see Trapnest
play a concert back home.
I'm so psyched that
I get to see Ren live.
It's been so long.
- What made you choose a lotus
blossom?
Does it have like a
special meaning?
- Actually it's not a
lotus, it's a Ren flower.
- Ren?
No way!
Okay, try to think.
Ren from Trapnest used to
be the bass player in Blast.
According to Misato, that is.
Can it be true?
But then why...
Why hasn't Nana, Yasu, or Nobu
ever said anything about it?
Even when Shin and I
were talking about Ren
they didn't say anything.
Why keep it a secret?
And if Nana's tattoo is all
about Ren
then the two of them must
be an item.
(Nana Komatsu gasps)
They're perfect together.
This is just too cool!
Now I get it.
Ren's a big rock star!
That's why everyone's
trying to keep it a secret.
Now it's all starting to make
sense.
The way Yasu acts calm and cool.
The way Nana never talks
about herself.
She goes out at night
saying she's working
but is she secretly hooking
up with Ren?
I mean, who goes to work wearing
expensive designer clothes?
I wonder.
It's gotta be true.
What should I do?
There's no way I can go back
to work now.
I can't think straight.
I've got to get to the bottom
of this!
Nana won't be home until nine
and she doesn't have a
cell phone.
Oh, what should I do?
(Nobu sighs)
- Well, to be honest, I don't
know if I should say anything.
- Come on, Nobu,
you can tell me.
You know everything, don't you?
It's not like I'm gonna sell
the story to the tabloids
or anything.
- Of course you wouldn't.
You're not the type to
do something like that.
The thing is, Hachi.
- Don't call me Hachi.
(Shin giggles)
Shin, smoking stunts your
growth!
I dunno why you're
being so damn smug.
You know you worship Ren.
- I already knew
about him and Nana.
- What?
- How'd you know?
Don't tell me the reason
you joined the band
is because you thought you
could follow in Ren's footsteps.
- This was all a dirty plot.
- No, the truth is Nobu
told me everything
when he was drunk.
- I did?
- [Shin] You don't remember?
- No, not really.
- It was just after
I joined the band.
- But, Shin, why didn't you
tell me?
You could have given me
some sort of clue.
- Well, no one in the
band ever talks about Ren.
It's like it's off limits.
So I thought it'd be better
if I just kept my mouth shut
and pretended I didn't know
anything.
- I'm totally the worst.
- That's so mature.
There's no way I could have
kept something like that
a secret for so long.
Usually I freak out when I
hear about that kind of stuff.
- That's one of the reasons
you're so cute, Hachi.
- You think I'm cute?
You shouldn't tease older women.
- But I wasn't teasing
you, it's the truth.
- It's been so long since
someone called me cute.
- Hey, listen, Shin.
I'm wondering what
I told you exactly.
You tell me what you know
and I promise to tell you the
whole story,
'cause who knows what I might
have said when I was drunk.
- You told me that Ren used to
be the bass player in Blast.
He hooked up with Nana
and they lived together.
But a couple of years ago
he was offered the chance
to be the guitar player
for Trapnest, so
he left for Tokyo
and no one in the band
has heard from him since.
- Then I guess I said it all.
- But, hold on.
You said no one's
heard from him.
Not even Nana?
- They had a really tough
breakup, didn't they?
- Yeah, that's about right.
I really did tell you
everything that happened.
- A tough breakup.
But just because
Ren moved to Tokyo
doesn't mean they
had to break up.
- Yeah, I guess you're right.
You maintained a long
distance relationship
with your boyfriend for a
while, didn't you, Hachi?
- Yeah, but the thing is,
things didn't work out between
us after I moved to Tokyo.
- You mean the two
of you split up?
- You're not with your
boyfriend anymore?
What happened?
We went to see him at the
restaurant just the other day.
- Yeah, I know.
But right after that...
Well, I don't wanna bore
you with my problems,
but if you really wanna
know the details
I'm sure I'll bitch all about it
the next time we go drinking.
- No thanks.
No more booze for me.
- So there's something
to bitch about.
Did that jerk cheat on you?
(Nana gasps)
Bullseye.
- Look,
I thought we were talking
about Ren and Nana's breakup.
Not mine.
- If you wanna know
personal stuff about Nana
why don't you just ask her
yourself?
- No way you can't do that.
- But why not?
- Well, you know,
everyone's got a few
skeletons in their closet
they don't want to talk about.
- Was it really that
bad for her?
- But if the breakup was
hard for them,
doesn't that mean things
were actually going good
up until then?
- Well, yeah, sort of I guess.
But, how can I put it?
I'm not mad at Ren for
what he did
and I really don't wanna
badmouth him.
But what happened was Ren
decided to quit playing with
Blast
and join Trapnest
without discussing it
with Nana and me first.
The only person he talked
it over with was Yasu.
(somber music)
So at the time I felt
totally betrayed.
It was a real shock.
The band was everything to me
and I felt like he was saying
we weren't good enough for him.
Plus I guess I was jealous.
Nana and I knew the
opportunity was too good
for him to turn down and we
didn't wanna stand in his way.
We had to respect what
the offer meant to him
and his career.
So we accepted his decision.
I think it was the best thing
for him.
But Nana...
(Nobu sighs)
Well Nana could have gone with
Ren,
but she had too much pride
to simply be the girlfriend
of a big rock star.
I think that's the main
reason why she's so focused
on becoming a successful
musician.
She's determined to be as big
or even bigger than Ren
and Trapnest.
- Play better than Ren,
all right?
- Sometimes it's hard to
watch her struggle with that.
To be honest, I don't know if
Nona's still in love with Ren
or if she has any feelings
for him.
And Yasu and I would just
feel awkward
if we brought up the subject,
so we never say anything
about Ren in front of her.
It's not that we meant to keep
it a secret from you guys.
Listen, the two of you don't
have to go around pretending
like you don't know what
happened between Nana and Ren
but I think it would be best
if you try to avoid
talking about 'em
whenever you're around her.
- Yeah, I think I can do that.
But the trouble is I've
already been talking about Ren
when I was with Nana.
- Miss Komatsu, it's three
o'clock!
(Ms. Sakagami keeps yelling
incoherently)
- Whenever I was babbling
on about Trapnest
I was hurting Nana's pride.
I didn't know I was doing it,
but still it must have been
awful for her.
No wonder she doesn't
wanna go see Trapnest.
I'm gonna stop bugging her
about coming to the
concert with me.
- Well, I suppose as long as
you're sorry,
I guess we can forget it.
Just don't do it again, all
right?
- Okay, I won't do it again.
I don't wanna hurt her!
Slowly and carefully
I'll ask her about Ren.
- Did Yasu come over?
- Huh?
- Aren't these Yasu's?
What other maniac would smoke
these disgusting cigarettes?
- Huh?
Do you really think
they're that gross?
I always think they smell nice
and sweet
when he smokes them.
- Oh, really?
- But anyway, those aren't
Yasu's, they're Shin's.
I took them away from him.
- What?
That boy's life's
a total train wreck.
- I don't want them, so you
might as well take them.
- No thanks, I never
smoke that kind of crap.
We can save them up
and give them the Yasu
when he comes over.
So, anyway, when did
you see Shin?
- Oh, I ran into him on
the way home from work.
- Oh?
- Why am I lying?
Why can't I just
be honest with her?
- Sounds shady to me.
You don't wanna hang
out with Shin.
You know, he spends all his time
around those older women
for their money.
He'd probably use you too.
- He's not like that at all!
- Yeah, if you say so.
By the way, did you ever call
Misato?
- [Misato] It was back
when Ren was in the band.
- Yeah.
- I just hope she got back okay.
- Uh-huh.
When I spoke to her, she
was on the train going home.
- That's good.
- Nana, I wanted to ask
you about Trapnest and Ren.
- About the concert?
I've decided to go with you.
(Nana Komatsu gasps)
- What, really?
- I told you I'd go
if I felt like it.
- How come you wanna go now?
- Just because, no real reason.
- Yeah, but-
- Yeah but what?
If you've already made plans
to go with someone else
that's fine.
- No, no, no, let's go together.
I'd love for you to come
to the concert with me.
Weird.
I wonder if she wants
to see Ren after all.
Is she still in love with him?
(tab opens)
(funky music)
I wanna ask her, but I
can't just blurt it out.
And even if I did ask
she probably wouldn't
tell me the truth anyway.
All that would happen is I'd
embarrass her
and then she wouldn't
go to the concert with me.
Maybe I'll ask her after
the concert.
I don't wanna mess things up.
It's a golden opportunity for
them to see each other again!
Front row seats.
And it's a small concert hall.
Ren's gonna spot her
in the crowd for sure!
(crowd cheering)
The girl he didn't wanna break
up with
will be right up at the
front, staring at him.
There's no way he'll miss her.
Their eyes will meet.
Tears will start to
roll down Nana's cheek.
Ren will jump down from the
stage
and scoop her up in his arms.
So romantic!
I won't say a word.
At least until after
the concert.
I don't want Nana to change
her mind.
I'll play totally dumb.
It's a genius plan!
All for the sake of
their big reunion.
- I have no problem keeping
my mouth shut.
I've been acting like I
didn't know anything anyway.
- That's awesome, Shin, thanks!
- I can't believe you got front
row.
With seat like that, I
wanna go to the concert too.
- Sorry, I've only got
two tickets.
- But, I'm wondering, is
their reunion
really gonna be as big and
dramatic as you think, Hachi?
- Well, maybe Ren jumping off
the stage
and sweeping her
into his arms is a bit much.
- Do you think he still
has feelings for Nana
after all this time?
I mean, they haven't spoken
for two years, right?
- Well, yeah.
I'm not too sure about him.
He's kind of like, well,
you know...
- He's kind of like what?
- I heard he gets around?
- Really?
- Well, he used to be
like that in the past,
but he's changed.
Once he met Nana, he was
totally devoted to her.
You know that little padlock
he wears around his neck all the
time?
That's something Nana gave to
him.
- Are you kidding me?
That's proof he's still in love
with her.
- I don't know about that.
Maybe he just wears it 'cause he
likes it
and it's fashionable.
- Oh, come on,
you know it's gotta be
a symbol of their love.
Yasu, back me up on this.
- Yeah, all right.
I agree with you.
- Yes, I knew it!
(door opens)
(Nana Komatsu gasps)
(Nobu gasps)
- Is there something wrong?
- Okay, everyone, time for
practice.
Let's rock the house.
- Okay, that was totally lame.
(drum sticks keeping beat)
- [Nana Komatsu] That was
two weeks before the concert.
(rock music)
I was so worried Nana would
change her mind about coming.
I couldn't stop my
imagination from running wild.
If Nana and Ren get back
together,
that means Trapnest might
come over to our place
and hang out!
And I could start going
out with Takumi!
Ah, and then what will happen?
(Nana Komatsu giggles)
- Miss Komatsu, what on
earth is wrong with you?
(keys clacking)
(lighter flickers)
(Yasu exhales)
(dinging)
(Yasu sighs)
(footsteps)
- Hello?
- [Ren] Here I am.
(door opens)
- Okay, so here you are again.
It's late.
What do you want?
(intense music)
- [Nana Komatsu] It was the
morning before the concert,
Nana, and you were sitting by
the window
just like you always did.
But something smelled
different in the room.
It was the cigarettes I'd taken
from Shin.
The smell of Blast.
Which you said you didn't smoke.